.. include:: ../.defaults.rst

0.0.7
=====

- Bypassed r0.0.5 feature changes to get back at stable release.
  (Forked off dev to ``features/baseref`` and reset dev to r0.0.7)
- Started ``0.1`` version prefix to experiment with component versioning.
  Initially targetted to keep support for ``routes`` schema stable, see
  `features/route`_ on `Versioning`, `BWC-mode`.
- Using `neodoc`_ for argument parser now.
- Added config for remote sites, to set CORS. Allowing to run client script or
  get data.

- Started on extending r.js client features, dependencies.
  Client config and routes now allow for local extensions, and mixin components
  from different remote sites (given CORS).
- Now loading more extension components besides ``router`` type: moved some
  util. to ``context-prototype`` mixins, and using ``middleware`` for
  experimenting with Connect.js middleware handlers.

- Restructured docs to better reflect current efforts, and allow for
  ideas and planning. Brought main feature categories back to 3 but added a
  deeper level.

- Building out Sitefile v0 client classes.

  Added microformats for ``live-code``, ``a[href]``.

- Added Express version to context, include with server start log line.
- New ``boot`` handler for `rjs`_.
  Separate configuration to serve same sf-v0 app again at

  <http:/app/v0-sf-rjs.html>
  <http:/doc/literate/rjs.html#sf:xref:.container>

  Can mull over the sitefile client structure a bit now:
  <http:/app/v0-sf-rjs.app.json> <http:/app/sf-v0.yaml>

- Added Dockerfile, building a fat image to simplify sitefile deployment.

- Changed mocha tests doing URL requests to make 3 samples to try to catch
  bugs in stateless expectations.

- Started working on some domain handling. Need to enable redirect ie. in case
  of www.domain -> domain.


Wanted
  Metadata
    - Started looking for best way to integrate metadata stores.

      Ie. for Resources_

      Affects
      `features/http`_
      `features/db`_
      `features/route`_

      Using `features/socket`_

  Rich data widgets
    Timeline
      - https://developers.google.com/chart/interactive/docs/gallery/timeline
    Treemap
      - http://js-treemap.sourceforge.net/
      - https://philogb.github.io/jit/static/v20/Docs/files/Visualizations/Treemap-js.html
      - https://github.com/philogb/dom-treemap#readme
    Graphx
      (Network) Graphs
        - http://js.cytoscape.org/
        - https://www.opengraphiti.com/
        - https://www.graphdracula.net/
      Sunburst?
        - http://philogb.github.io/blog/2009/10/05/sunburst-visualization/
